Update GTTA endpoint (#224)
iotaledger/documentation: iri/0.1/references/api-reference.md

|Parameter|Required or Optional| Description |Type|
|--|--|--|--|
| `depth` |Required| Number of bundles to go back to determine the transactions for approval. |integer|

> | `reference` |Optional| Transaction hash from which to start the weighted random walk. Use this parameter to make sure the returned tip transaction hashes approve a given reference transaction. |array of strings

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `reference` |Optional| Transaction hash from which to start the weighted random walk. Use this parameter to make sure the returned tip transaction hashes approve a given reference transaction. |string
```

command = {
  "command": "getTransactionsToApprove",
  "depth": 15,

>   "reference": [

Reviewer: This is just a string, not an array

var command = {
  "command": "getTransactionsToApprove",
  "depth": 15,

>   "reference": [

Reviewer: Ditto

-d '{
  "command": "getTransactionsToApprove",
  "depth": 15,

>   "reference": [

Reviewer: Ditto
